The character Plum from "No Game No Life" is of what race?
In which "Call of Duty" game are the "Apothicons" introduced in the Zombies mode?
Whistler was the codename of this Microsoft Operating System.
Who built the first laser?
Which of the following countries banned the use of personal genetic ancestry tests?
Which small country is located between the borders of France and Spain?
What is the real hair colour of the mainstream comic book version (Earth-616) of Daredevil?
Which of the following is NOT a quote from the 1942 film Casablanca?
Which of the following actors portrayed the Ninth Doctor in the British television show "Doctor Who"?
What does TIE stand for in reference to the TIE Fighter in "Star Wars"?
In Need for Speed: Most Wanted (2005), what was the name of the main antagonist?
What is lost in Hawaiian and is also the name of a little girl in a 2002 film which features a alien named "Stitch"?
In Norse mythology, what is the name of the serpent which eats the roots of the ash tree Yggdrasil?
Which language is most widely spoken in Switzerland?
What is the name of the supercomputer located in the control room in "Jurassic Park" (1993)?
Which of the following is not a Flintstones character?
Which is the largest freshwater lake in the world?
Where are the Nazca Lines located?
In which city did American rap producer DJ Khaled originate from?
Which one of these characters is from "Legendz : Tale of the Dragon Kings"?
Why was The Green Monster at Fenway Park was originally built?
What was the first ever London Underground line to be built?
What is the chemical makeup of water?
In which year was Constantinople conquered by the Turks?
What is the name of the very first video uploaded to YouTube?
What immense structure is referred to in Norse Mythology as the Yggdrasil.
In what Homestuck Update was [S] Game Over released?
What is on display in the Madame Tussaud's museum in London?
When Gmail first launched, how much storage did it provide for your email?
Which part from the JoJo's Bizarre Adventure manga is about a horse race across America?
What name is given to all baby marsupials?
In 1939, Britain and France declared war on Germany after it invaded which country?
The land mass of modern day Turkey is called what?
Complete the following analogy: Audi is to Volkswagen as Infiniti is to ?
Which animation studio produced "Sword Art Online"?
Who is the frontman of Muse?
What is a "dakimakura"?
What is the capital of the US State of New York?
The LS1 engine is how many cubic inches?
Which character does voice actress Tara Strong NOT voice?
What is the name of Rivers Cuomo's wife?
The voice actor for which Portal 2 character was not a TV or film actor prior to the game?
The Axiom of Preventive Medicine states that people with ___ risk for a disease should be screened and we should treat ___ of those people.
On a dartboard, what number is directly opposite No. 1?
Which slogan did the fast food company, McDonald's, use before their "I'm Lovin' It" slogan?
"Decapods" are an order of ten-footed crustaceans.  Which of these are NOT decapods?
How many sets of grandmaster witcher gear are in The Witcher 3's Blood and Wine DLC?
Who is the half-demon character in Divinity: Original Sin 2 who you talk to to transition between acts?
The asteroid belt is located between which two planets?
What does a funambulist walk on?
Which of the following Pokémon games released first?
Which game is NOT part of the Science Adventure series by 5pb. and Nitroplus?
What are the scales on all snakes and most lizards are made of?
In the TV series "Person of Interest", who plays the character "Harold Finch"?
When did the last episode of "Futurama" air before returning in 2023?
Which was the first video game to be produced by development company Rare?
The 1996 film 'Fargo' is primarily set in which US state?
Which one of the following titles by Valve is not based on a Community Mod?
Which animal was part of an Russian domestication experiment in 1959?
Who was the first explorer to sail to North America?
What do sailors call the front of a boat?
Which member of the Wu-Tang Clan had only one verse in their debut album Enter the Wu-Tang (36 Chambers)?
Which is the most popular spoken language in the Southern Hemisphere?
Which Animal Crossing game was for the Nintendo Wii?
What year was Canada founded in?
The British Rail Class 700, Class 707 and the Class 717 are part of what train family?
Which of these characters is NOT a boss in Crash Bash?
What city  has the busiest airport in the world?
What was the original name of New York City?
In flight systems, what does the initialism "TCAS" stand for?
The moons, Miranda, Ariel, Umbriel, Titania and Oberon orbit which planet?
What country did Shirley Bassey originate from?
Which member of "The Beatles" narrated episodes of "Thomas the Tank Engine"?
What game mode was not in the original "Wii Sports"?
Which Crypt of the NecroDancer (2015) character has a soundtrack by Jake "Virt" Kaufman?
In physics, conservation of energy and conservation of momentum are both consequences of which of the following?
What is the capital of Denmark?
In "Starbound", what is the max HP of the monster "Punchy"?
On which planet does the game Freedom Planet (2014) take place?
Which of the following games in the Anno series introduced the "Eco Balance" gameplay mechanic?
What is the name of your team in Star Wars: Republic Commando?
Which of these is not a DLC vehicle in "Mario Kart 8"?
In Call of Duty: United Offensive, what two soldiers share a name of a video game character?
Who voices the main character Blu in the 2011 animated film "Rio"?
How many cards are there in a standard deck of playing cards?
Which of the following  British Monarchs never appeared on a circulated pound sterling coin?
Moore's law originally stated that the number of transistors on a microprocessor chip would double every...
How many voice channels does the Super Nintendo Entertainment System support?
Who wrote the song "You Know You Like It"?
What was the unofficial name for Germany between 1919 and 1933?
Which artist's style was to use small different colored dots to create a picture?
The Panama Canal was finished under the administration of which U.S. president?
When was Google founded?
How many types of quarks are there in the standard model of physics?
What is a Tetris piece called?
What war is Call Of Duty: Black Ops based on?
What is the world's first video game console?
In "PUBATTLEGROUNDS" what is the name of the Military Base island?
What is the name of the copper-rich protein that creates the blue blood in the Antarctic octopus?
Who did the score to the original Blade Runner?
Which of these is a type of stretch/deep tendon reflex?
In the Animal Crossing series, which flower is erroneously called the "Jacob's Ladder"?
What country is the Hussarya supercar, made by the car manufacturer "Arrinera", assembled in?
Which car tire manufacturer is famous for its "Eagle" brand of tires, and is the official tire supplier of NASCAR?
