What is the capital of France?
Who painted the Mona Lisa?
What is the largest planet in our solar system?
What is the chemical symbol for Gold?
Which continent is the Sahara Desert located in?
What company developed the vocaloid Hatsune Miku?
Where is the train station "Llanfair­pwllgwyngyll­gogery­chwyrn­drobwll­llan­tysilio­gogo­goch"?
Which American president appears on a one dollar bill?
How many cards are there in a standard deck of playing cards?
Who is depicted on the US hundred dollar bill?
Who invented the first ever chocolate bar, in 1847?
What is the Zodiac symbol for Gemini?
What geometric shape is generally used for stop signs?
What is the largest living species of penguin?
Five dollars is worth how many nickels?
In "Shrek", what comedic actor voices Donkey?
When was the Playstation 3 released?
What is the first book of the Old Testament?
The Hyundai Motor Company was founded in which country?
The word "dozen" usually refers to a group of how many objects?
How many letters are in the English alphabet?
What organ of the body produces bile?
Who played General Aladeen in The Dictator?
What is the name of NASA’s most famous space telescope?
What do sailors call the left side of a boat?
What is the profession of Elon Musk's mom, Maye Musk?
Red Vines is a brand of what type of candy?
Which sign of the zodiac is represented by the Crab?
Which is the second largest native language spoken in Spain by numbers of speakers?
What do sailors call the right side of a boat?
In DC comics where does the Green Arrow (Oliver Queen) live?
What is the French word for "hat"?
What does the F stand for in the FBI?
What word represents the letter 'T' in the NATO phonetic alphabet?
What type of animal was Harambe, who was shot after a child fell into it's enclosure at the Cincinnati Zoo?
Earth is located in which galaxy?
Which American-owned brewery led the country in sales by volume in 2015?
What is Cuba's official, most widely spoken language?
In the video-game franchise Kingdom Hearts, the main protagonist, carries a weapon with what shape?
How many fingers does a single human hand have?
What is Tasmania?
What country has had prime ministers named Eden, Major, Peel, Law, Brown and Heath?
Which of the three astronauts of the Apollo 11 spaceflight did NOT walk on the moon?
When one is "envious", they are said to be what color?
In aerodynamics, which force pushes an object upwards?
How many syllables make up a haiku?
Which company did Valve cooperate with in the creation of the Vive?
The Flag of the European Union has how many stars on it?
Which chemical element, number 11 in the Periodic table, has the symbol Na?
What does VR stand for?
In Half-Life, what is the name of the alien that attaches to heads?
What is the name of Poland in Polish?
What nuts are used in the production of marzipan?
What is the largest organ of the human body?
Waluigi's first appearance was in what game?
What was the nickname given to the Hughes H-4 Hercules, a heavy transport flying boat which achieved flight in 1947?
What is the Spanish word for "donkey"?
Which country has the Union Jack in its flag?
What is the most commonly used noun in the English language?
What do sailors call the back of a boat?
What is the nickname of the US state of California?
Which sign of the zodiac comes between Virgo and Scorpio?
What do the letters in the GMT time zone stand for?
What is the romanized Arabic word for "moon"?
What is the French word for "fish"?
The New York Times slogan is, “All the News That’s Fit to…”
What is the name of the poker hand containing three of a kind and a pair?
What style of beer will typically have a higher than average hop content?
What alcoholic drink is made from molasses?
What airline was the owner of the plane that crashed off the coast of Nova Scotia in 1998?
If you are caught "Goldbricking", what are you doing wrong?
Which candy is NOT made by Mars?
What was the name of the WWF professional wrestling tag team made up of the wrestlers Ax and Smash?
What is the name of the antagonist group in Danganronpa Another Episode: Ultra Despair Girls?
A criminal who has “cooked the books” has engaged in what kind of illegal behavior?
According to Sherlock Holmes, "If you eliminate the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the..."
What is the currency of India and Pakistan as well as a few other Asian countries?
What was the first ever London Underground line to be built?
Who is considered the "Father of Modern Philosophy"?
What is the shortest month of the year?
How many furlongs are there in a mile?
How many notes are there on a standard grand piano?
What is the famous Papa John's last name?
In which cardinal direction does the Sun rise from?
Antibiotics are generally taken to combat what?
Which best selling toy of 1983 caused hysteria, resulting in riots breaking out in stores?
Which type of cutlery is most suited for eating soup?
When someone is inexperienced they are said to be what color?
Area 51 is located in which US state?
What is "dabbing"?
What is the name of the company in Lethal Company?
Which country developed the AK-47 assault rifle?
Which restaurant's mascot is a clown?
When someone is cowardly, they are said to have what color belly?
What do sailors call the front of a boat?
How would one say goodbye in Spanish?
What is the shape of the toy invented by Hungarian professor Ernő Rubik?
Nephelococcygia is the practice of doing what?
Foie gras is a French delicacy typically made from what part of a duck or goose?
What is Cynophobia the fear of?
In past times, what would a gentleman keep in his fob pocket?
Terry Gilliam was an animator that worked with which British comedy group?
In "Battle Cats", what is Moneko / MISS Moneko's critical percentage rate?
What machine element is located in the center of fidget spinners?
The Canadian $1 coin is colloquially known as a what?
The file hosting service, "Google Drive" was launched on what day?
The “fairy” type made it’s debut in which generation of the Pokemon core series games?
The Quran is the holy book of which Abrahamic religion?
What is the closest planet to our solar system's sun?
Of the following months, which has the most amount of days?
Which canal connects the Mediterranean Sea with the Red Sea?
In the English language, what is the name of the "&" character?
According to Fair Works Australia, how long do you have to work to get Long Service Leave?
In which fast food chain can you order a Jamocha Shake?
In "Katamari Damacy", you control a character known as:
What do the letters of the fast food chain KFC stand for?
The American company "Campbell's" is most well known for making what food product?
De Eemhof, Port Zelande and Het Heijderbos are holiday villas owned by what company?
When was Pong released?
What does a funambulist walk on?
Who is the author of Jurassic Park?
Which product did Nokia, the telecommunications company, originally sell?
According to the nursery rhyme, what fruit did Little Jack Horner pull out of his Christmas pie?
Who is the youngest person to receive a Nobel Prize?
On a dartboard, what number is directly opposite No. 1?
Which country, not including Japan, has the most people of Japanese descent?
What type of dog is 'Handsome Dan', the mascot of Yale University?
What is the official language of Brazil?
What is the name of the main Character from the Series: Dead Space?
According to the Book of Genesis in the Old Testament, how many days did it take God to create the world?
How many colors are there in a rainbow?
Going by the International Code of Signals, which single flag is interpreted as "I require assistance (not distress)"?
What element has the chemical symbol Kr?
The buried remains of which English explorer of Australia were found in London  in January 2019?
The likeness of which president is featured on the rare $2 bill of USA currency?
In flight systems, what does the initialism "TCAS" stand for?
What zodiac sign is represented by a pair of scales?
Virgin Trains, Virgin Atlantic and Virgin Racing, are all companies owned by which famous entrepreneur?
How tall is the Burj Khalifa?
What is the name of the Jewish New Year?
What step in cellular respiration forms ATP?
What are Panama hats made out of?
What does the 'S' stand for in the abbreviation SIM, as in SIM card?
What country does sushi & karaoke come from?
What was the third country to have a McDonald's restaurant?
"A3", "B1", and "Legal" are typical names of sizes for what object?
What technology is named after a tenth-century ruler of Denmark and Norway?
Electronic music producer Kygo's popularity skyrocketed after a certain remix. Which song did he remix?
Which language is most widely spoken in Switzerland?
When was the website reddit founded ?
What kind of aircraft was developed by Igor Sikorsky in the United States in 1942?
How long did it take the motorized window washers of the original World Trade Center to clean the entire exterior of the building?
Before the 19th Century, the "Living Room" was originally called the...
Which church's interior in Vatican City was designed in 1503 by renaissance architects including Bramante, Michelangelo and Bernini?
What is on display in the Madame Tussaud's museum in London?
The drug cartel run by Pablo Escobar originated in which South American city?
What is her favorite hobby to do together?
Does she prefer a spontaneous date night or a planned evening out?
What does she love to do to relax after a long day?
What is her go-to coffee order when out with friends?
How often does she like to try new restaurants?
What is the capital of France?
Who wrote Romeo and Juliet?
What is 2 + 2?
What is the capital of France?
Who wrote Romeo and Juliet?
What is 2 + 2?
What is his favorite type of music?
Does he prefer adventure movies or romantic comedies?
What is his go-to order at a coffee shop?
How does he like to spend a relaxing Sunday?
What is his favorite type of cuisine?
What is the capital of France?
Who wrote Romeo and Juliet?
What is 2 + 2?
What is the capital of France?
Who wrote Romeo and Juliet?
What is 2 + 2?
What is his go-to karaoke song?
Does he prefer a morning jog or a lazy Sunday brunch?
What is his favorite type of pizza topping?
What is the most spontaneous thing he's ever done for you?
What is his favorite type of music?
Which TV show is he most likely to binge-watch?
What is his go-to order at a fast-food restaurant?
Does he prefer sunny or cloudy days?
What is his go-to spontaneous date idea?
Does he prefer relaxing at home or going out to explore new places?
What is his favorite way to spend a Saturday morning?
What is his go-to spot for a relaxing Sunday morning?
Which of his favorite childhood TV shows did he grow up watching?
What does he always order when we go to his favorite restaurant?
What is his go-to karaoke song?
Does he prefer watching sports or playing video games?
What is his favorite type of pizza topping?
What is her favorite type of music?
Does she prefer a relaxing evening at home or going out with friends?
What is her go-to coffee order?
Does she have a favorite childhood memory or story?
What is his go-to coffee order?
Which TV show did he binge-watch the most?
What is his favorite type of music to work out to?
Where did he take you on your first date?
What is her favorite type of music?
Where does she love to travel?
What is her go-to coffee order?
How does she like to spend a lazy Sunday?
What is her go-to coping mechanism when faced with a difficult emotional situation?
What is something she would like to achieve in the next 5-10 years?
What is something that makes her feel most vulnerable, but also most alive?
What is her favorite type of music?
Does she prefer spending time outdoors or indoors?
What is her go-to coffee order?
How does she like to start her day?
What is his go-to order at a coffee shop?
Does he prefer watching sports or playing video games during free time?
What is his favorite type of music to listen to?
What is her favorite type of music?
Does she prefer going to the beach or mountains on vacation?
What is her go-to coffee order?
Does she prefer trying new foods or sticking to what she knows and loves?
